---
title: IP-Review-0
categories: IP
date: '2019-11-07 22:20:33'
layout: post
---

*Author: Rick Wang*

*First Written Date: 2019-11-07*

*Last Modification: 2019-11-08*

*This review is based on lecture notes provided by EPFL Image Processing I.*

*[Lecture notes](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yN3_nW--9mf06xb-TCZnl2_RL6SnNv7o/view?usp=sharing)*

## **Chapter 0 Introduction**
#### **What is image processing?**
Image processing is basically about **any manipulation of image-related data via a computer.** The definition of the image processing is **transformation of pictorial information.** Image Processing includes examples like enhancement, denoising, deblurring and 3D deconvolution.

Also, image analysis is about extraction of images features and quantitative information (measures). Examples like fluorescence micrograph, segmentation of nucleus and etc.

Image processing is an interdisciplinary field which involes a lot of subjects. And it has many applications in different reserach area.

In an image-analysis system, there are five levels which are from low to high.
* Image acquisition (pixels)
* Preprocessing or transform (pixels or coefficients)
* Segementation (features)
* Description, feature extraction (objects)
* Interpretation, recognition (decision)

#### **The basic objects: images**
In image processing, basic objects are images. There are three types of images: **continuous images, discrete images and generalized images.**

**1.Continuous images**

For continuous image (monochrome), the image can be represented as followed.

2D light intensity function: $$ f(x,y) $$
* spatial coordinates: $$(x,y)$$
* brightness (or gray level): $$f\in[f_{min},f_{max}]$$

In above case, **when the value of brightness is 0**, the color is **black**. When the value of brightness is $$f_{max}$$, the color is **white**.

For digital images, each pixel has an value. We can represent images like this.

* $$f[k,l]$$ with $$k=0, ..., K-1 $$ and $$l=0, ..., L-1$$
* $$K$$ represents the number of columns, $$L$$ represents the number of rows (lines).

We could represent array of pixels $$K \times L$$ like: 
* $$F = [F_{ij}]$$ with $$F_{ij} = f[i,j]$$

For gray levels, we have 2, 8, 256 gray levels and etc. 

**2.Generalized images**

Any kind of higher-dimensional signal can be considered as generalized images. For example:
* 3D images or volums: $$f(x,y,z)$$
* Time or video sequence: $$f(x,y,t)$$
* Color or multi-spectral images: $$ f(x,y) = \begin{bmatrix}f_1(x,y)\\...\\f_p(x,y)\end{bmatrix} $$

**3.Color images**

There are there color-representation systems: **RGB: Red-Green-Blue**, **HSB: Hue-Saturation-Brightness**, **CYMK: Cyan-Yellow-Magenta-Black**.


#### **Component of an image-processing system**

For an imaging system, there five major components: Image acquisition, Storage, Processing, Communication, Display.

#### **Conclusion**